Token caching security considerations (#341)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-architecture.md

and {{privacy}} is therefore necessary to ensure that Privacy Pass offers
meaningful privacy improvements to end-users.

## Token Caching {#hoarding}

Depending on the Origin's token challenge, Clients can request and cache more

> than one using the issuance protocol. Cached tokens help improve privacy by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than one token using an issuance protocol. Cached tokens help improve privacy by
```

separating the time of token issuance from the time of token redemption, and

> also allows Clients to avoid any overhead of receiving new tokens via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also allow Clients to reduce the overhead of receiving new tokens via the
```

issuance protocol.

As a consequence, Origins that send token challenges which are compatible with
cached tokens need to take precautions to ensure that tokens are not replayed.
This is typically done via keeping track of tokens that are redeemed for the
period of time in which cached tokens would be accepted for particular
challenges.

Moreover, since tokens are not intrinsically bound to Clients, it is possible
for malicious Clients to collude and share tokens in a so-called "hoarding

> attack." As an example of this attack, many distributed Clients obtain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attack." As an example of this attack, many distributed Clients could obtain
```

cacheable tokens and them share them with a single Client to redeem in a way
that would violate an Origin's attempt to limit tokens to any one particular

> Client. Depending on the deployment model, it may be possible to detect these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client. Depending on the deployment model, it can be possible to detect these
```

> types of attacks by comparing issuance and redemption contexts, as is possible
> in the Joint Origin and Issuer model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
types of attacks by comparing issuance and redemption contexts; for example,
this is possible in the Joint Origin and Issuer model.
```
